Update scim.md (#8006)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim.md

To configure SCIM in your <Constant name="cloud" /> environment:
- You must be on an [Enterprise or Enterprise+ plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing).

> - You must be using Okta or Entra ID as your SSO provider, and have it connected in dbt Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must be using Okta or Entra ID as your SSO provider, and have it connected in the dbt platform.
```

> - You must be using Okta or Entra ID as your SSO provider, and have it connected in the dbt platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You must use Okta or Entra ID as your SSO provider and have it connected in the dbt platform.
```
